prep release: v1.43.1 (#4889)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

By [@Geal](https://github.com/Geal) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4770

### `null` extensions incorrectly disallowed on request ([Issue #4856](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4856))

The [graphql over http spec](https://graphql.github.io/graphql-over-http/draft/#sel-EALFPCCBCEtC37P) mandates `null` is allowed for request extensions.

We were previously rejecting such payloads, but now we will allow them. For example:

```json
{
  "query": "{ topProducts { upc name reviews { id product { name } author { id name } } } }",
  "variables": {
    "date": "2022-01-01T00:00:00+00:00"
  },
  "extensions": null
}
```

Fixes #4856

By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4865

### fix the log lines for external extensibility ([PR #4869](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4869))

The `execution` and `supergraph` responses were mistakenly reporting as `router`. This is now fixed.

By [@garypen](https://github.com/garypen) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4869

### Remove invalid payload on graphql-ws Ping message ([Issue #4852](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4852))

> According to [graphql-ws spec](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md#ping) `Ping` payload should be an object or null but router was sending a string.
> To ensure better compatibility Ping's payload was removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the router sent a string as a `Ping` payload, but that was incompatible with the [graphql-ws specification](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws/blob/master/PROTOCOL.md#ping), which specifies that the payload is optional and should be an object or null.

To ensure compatibility, the router now sends no payload for `Ping` messages. 
```
